Javascript: A Pleasant Experience
During the start of my first upper division Computer Science class at UH Manoa, we were tasked with grasping the basics of Javascript using the Freecodecamp course over the course of a day. So far my experience with learning Javascript has been pretty good. The only other coding language that I know at the moment is Java so it was definitely much easier to learn especially being similar enough to Java that I don’t have to memorize new formatting. For example, things like the for and while loops didn’t take much time for me to get a hold of. Additionally, having already learned concepts like the difference between recursion and iterative loops greatly sped up the process that I picked up this language. 
To be completely honest I haven’t completely grasped things like arrow functions yet which will probably be an obstacle for me as I progress through this course. Aside from completing simple algorithm challenges which the class calls WODs, I haven’t done much with the language, however I would be interested in trying to involve myself in a project with it. It just feels a lot more intuitive compared to Java at least. One of the best things about Javascript in my opinion so far is that variable types don’t need to be declared. The only thing I have against Javascript however is that from my experience I haven’t really heard of anyone wanting to be proficient in this language primarily. I mostly hear good things about python and that learning something else is a waste of time. I hope to use Javascript in the future more than I do Java to be completely honest. Or at least a language that is much simpler and requires less characters to do the same functionality.
	Speaking of WODs, it was something that was hyped up to be completely stressful when the professor was going over the class rubric, but so far my experience has been pleasant. I think my pacing with the time limit is pretty good and I usually have a good idea of what I’m going to implement in my code which probably saves time. Of course the problems we’re done haven’t been too hard yet, but I’m confident in my ability to adapt and progress concurrently or faster than the problems will get difficult. I have taken many classes that have all called themselves challenging and stressful, but I have yet to feel challenged enough to feel uncomfortable and a little bit stressed. Our next class gathering will have a WOD which has a time limit of 30 minutes, which is twice the amount of time that we’ve gotten so far. I hope that this WOD will put me in my place honestly since I come off as arrogant a lot. If it does, I know that I will enjoy working on myself so it does not repeat again, making this learning style very good for me.

